# CS305
The file here is the practices for secure software report. Artemis financial is a financial company, and they wanted us to create an application for them to help reach more customers. When looking at the code for the client, I reviewed the code and a vulnerability assessment of the code. I explained what vulnerabilities were present as well as ways to solve them. When looking at the vulnerabilities, what I did very well was find them and documenting them and solutions. When looking at the code, I did follow secure code practices and the reason was because it is important to code securely. Coding securely helps us reduce the number of vulnerabilities that can be present in a code and helps us ensure that there are fewer points of ingress or points of failure that an attacker can go and look for. When looking at practices, I did things like ensure input wasn’t provided directly by the user to use SQL attacks and more. When looking at software security, it helps provide users with a sense of security when using our application. When trying to fix a vulnerability and notify users, it could cost a lot and users can lose confidence in our product, so for a company, security is a major factor. When completing the vulnerability assessment, the part that was most challenging for me was to go and try to find options that we can use to fix those vulnerabilities. Some of the vulnerabilities weren’t fixed in a patch and thus I had to look at different things, like input sanitization. When trying to increase layers of security, I ensured that we didn’t have any direct user input. Also, I used HTTPS for communication with our server when we completed the hash function. This would help the user know that the site they were accessing was correct by looking at the padlock and checking the certificate. In the future, things that I may use to assess vulnerabilities are things like the maven dependency check. Being able to scan all dependencies and having links to how those were fixed or, if it was possible to be fixed, was a great way to assess our codebase. I would also do things like manual review of code and help have others look over and ensure throughout the process we are looking at security. To make sure the code was functional and secure, I ran the code and verified it was executed. I then checked to ensure that it established a HTTPS connection and that it showed security. Last, I checked to ensure that our hashing algorithm was executing properly and producing the correct output. I used the maven dependency to see if any additional vulnerabilities were introduced. Some tools that I used that would be useful for future assignments is the OWASP maven dependency tool. If I were to show this assignment to a future employer, the part that I would show is the documentation showing I understand how to check for errors as well as the implementation of HTTPS. 
